FS 2180 - Add logic to allow overriding of fund dates (#48)
communitiesuk/funding-service-design-fund-store: README.md

In deploy.yml, there are three environment variables called users, spawn-rate and run-time. These are used
to override the locust config if the performance tests need to run with different configs for fund store.

# Data

> This repo also defines the production data for funds and rounds in JSON format in lieu of a real database. Certain fields can be overriden on the command line through environment variables in the following format:

Reviewer: Can we remove the command line bit as there are different ways to set environment variables?
```suggestion
This repo also defines the production data for funds and rounds in JSON format in lieu of a real database. Certain fields can be overridden through environment variables in the following format:
```
